# memorygame

This application is a memory game. There are 3 tabs: the instructions tab, easy level, and hard level. When the page first loads, the instructions tab is active. This tab includes background music that autoplays when the page loads. The music player controls are hidden to give the page a clean look. 
The easy level of the game only has 4 images that the player has to try to memorize. Then the images fade away and a question pops up asking the player what images they remember. Once the player checks all the boxes they want to check, they have to clicks the submit answers button in order to get their score. In the easy game, the player has unlimited time to look at the images. They choose when the question pops up and the images disappear by clicking the play button. There is another button that says "load images". When clicked, new images appear and the player can play again.
The hard game is timed. I included a progress bar and through the use of intervals and callbacks, I turned the progress bar into a countdown timer. The user has 30 seconds to look at 9 images. The timer appears beneath the images and shows the player how much time they have left. While the timer is counting down, I disabled the play button so that the user cannot click it to load new images in teh middle of a game. Once the timer hits 0, the question/answer modal pops up and the images fade away. The user then answers the question the same way as in the easy level. The hard tab has a refresh button that refreshes the whole page in order to play again.
It is possible to get a negative score. I deduct a point of each incorrect box that was checked. I did this to prevent players from just checking all the boxes and getting a "perfect" score that way. 
